[pulsing music playing]
♪ ♪
-[panting]
-[exciting music playing]
[creature screeches]
[gasps]
[roars]
[squealing]
[whimpers, shouts]
[panting]
[groans]
-[screams]
-[heart beating]
-Whoa!
-[wet crunch]
[screams]
[panting]
How many times is that now, kid?
Uh, like, I don't know, 15?
Sixteen, maybe?
No biggie. Spikes again.
Ana, you need to take this more seriously.
Ugh, it's just dying.
Even the great Liz Mutton had to fall
on a spike or two, right?
[sighs]
Mines. That was the first time.
[exciting music playing]
[Ana] You died in the Mines?
[Liz] I died from a mine.
-[metallic click]
-Stepped on it.
-[beeping]
-[Ana] Did it hurt?
[Liz] Mostly my feelings.
[Liz shouts]
Still, death isn't something
you should just shake off.
[laughs] I mean,
we literally shake it off.
You know, every time I die,
I scratch a mark in the wall.
Memorials, I guess.
Little gravestones
for the version of myself that died.
Uh, yeah,
but you're still the same person.
You sure about that?
It's still the end of a life,
even if we come back from it.
Ah, lighten up. No need to worry.
Spelunking's in my blood.
It's who I am.
And I think this next one...
...just might be my run.
-[exciting music playing]
-[grunts]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[screams]
-[grunts]
-[Liz] Spear trap?
How'd you know?
Lots of experience. [chuckles]
-How you feeling?
-Never felt better.
[exciting music playing]
Ooh.
-[low rumble]
-[whimpers]
-[grunts]
-[chittering]
[panting]
[groans]
Ow.
Ugh, come on.
[panting]
[somber music playing]
I'm at 82.
Eighty-two?
I died 82 times.
More than you.
And I'm nowhere near the end.
I'm not hurt or anything, just--
Hollowed out.
Yeah.
Like my heart is tired, or something.
I'm not sure why
I'm even doing this anymore.
Listen, kiddo, I know it's hard,
and everything keeps changing.
Yeah. It's always different.
That's right, just like life.
Every day, just like
every time you walk through those doors,
it's a new adventure.
All that danger...
[hopeful music playing]
...all those moments of beauty...
...and even all those painful deaths...
They're still up here. They're not gone.
[soft chuckle] They're mine.
All yours. Just like I have all mine.
The spell on this place is unbreakable,
and each time,
a new adventure waits just for you.
[gasps]
Every scratch you made on the wall,
you weren't just marking times you died.
You were marking adventures you created.
And hey,
maybe the next one will be your run.
[contemplative music playing]
[exhales sharply]
Here goes eighty-something.
[exciting music playing]
♪ ♪